Block access to metadata servers for all components (#464)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/concepts/packet.md

# Packet

Packet is one of the cloud platforms supported by Lokomotive. This document explains various architecture decisions specific to this platform.

## Blocked access to metadata service

> By default, the access to Packet's [metadata service](https://www.packet.com/developers/docs/servers/key-features/metadata/) is blocked for all pods. This is to prevent possible exploitation of information stored there, like Ignition configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, access to Packet's [metadata service](https://www.packet.com/developers/docs/servers/key-features/metadata/) is blocked for all pods. This is to prevent possible exploitation of information provided by the metadata service such as user data, which may contain secrets.
```

# Packet

Packet is one of the cloud platforms supported by Lokomotive. This document explains various architecture decisions specific to this platform.

## Blocked access to metadata service

By default, access to Packet's [metadata service](https://www.packet.com/developers/docs/servers/key-features/metadata/) is blocked for all pods. This is to prevent possible exploitation of information provided by the metadata service such as user data, which may contain secrets.

If your deployment relies on on those information, you can allow it to access the metadata service by creating a NetworkPolicy, similar to the following example:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: allow-metadata-access
spec:
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      foo: foo
  policyTypes:
  - Egress
  egress:
  - to:
    - ipBlock:
        cidr: 0.0.0.0/0
```

> The policy above allows pods with the label `foo: foo` to send packets to any IP address including the metadata service.

Reviewer 2: See my comment on the AWS documentation.
